hey everybody it's kit and today I'm
going to show you how to make lemon
olive oil cake it's a really easy simple
recipe that I got off the internet
and I'm going to show you how to do it
today so what you're going to need is
one cup of all-purpose flour 4 eggs half
a cup of extra virgin olive oil a zest
of one lemon
one cup of sugar juice of two lemons and
then half a teaspoon of baking powder
and a quarter of a teaspoon of salt
let's get into it
alrighty so first just pre-heat your
oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and get
that out of the way and now pour your
sugar and your four eggs into a bowl
just like that and just beat this for a
very very long time maybe even five
minutes so it gets really really thick
and creamy all right now that this is
extremely thick it's kind of like a
custard it's really changed in color as
well
I'm going to add in my lemon juice my
olive oil you use a spatula to get all
of it out and one and zest
try to get it all out and then just whip
that up now I want to combine my flour
in my baking powder and salt in a small
bowl and just whisk it for a little nut
whisk it just mix it for a little bit
until it's combined it's alright and now
take all your liquids and you can just
add in your flour mixture and mix this
until it's just combined but you really
don't want to over mix it because then
your cake will turn into more of a bread
so I have my greased 9-inch pan here I'm
just gonna put my whisk on the bowl and
take my rubber spatula and just give it
one more stir to make sure nothing's on
the bottom and then pour your batter
into your pan now that you have your
batter in your pan you're gonna stick
this into your 350 degree oven for about
45 minutes all right so this is my
finished cake I topped it with some
powdered sugar but no frosting because
it's a really rich cake on its own and
it has a little blue candle because it's
my mom's birthday today but thank you so
much for watching this video and check
out my channel for more videos and
recipes thanks bye